Podsafe Christmas Song

Jonathan Coulton: Ok guys, everyone ready to sing the song?
Everyone: Yeah! Let's do it! You know it JC!
JC: Great, now remember it's almost Christmas and nobody has any podsafe Christmas music
So that's your motivation here
Uh, C.C. Chapman you ready?
C.C: Ready as I'll ever be!
JC: And uh, Len and Nora from Jawbone, good to go?
Nora: Woohoo!
Len: Let's do this!
JC: And uh, Adam Curry, skyping in from the helicopter flying somewhere above your golden palace,
You all patched in there Adam? ...Adam? ...ADAM!?
Adam: What?! I'm right here!

We want a podsafe Christmas song
We want a song that's safe to play
Don't think us rude
We don't wanna get sued
By the thugs at the RIAA
We have been good the whole year long
Santa don't delay
Give us a podsafe Christmas song
To celebrate Christmas day

JC: Ok, pretty good guys, except, uh...
Adam you sounded a little bit like you were rushing it there at the end, uh
You know what I mean? ...buddy?
Adam: Whatever dude!
JC: Alright, well I can't say I care for the attitude, but you know, just pay attention next time
Now, uh the rest of you I just wanted to go over...
Adam: Memememememe!
JC: Adam, Adam, did you just say something to me?
Adam: No.
JC: Huh, that's funny I thought I heard you say something
Adam: No I didn't!!
JC: Look, I don't want to go through this with you again
We're here to sing a song about podsafe Christmas music
And I, I just want everyone to do their best, you know
I mean, can you just gimme a little effort
C.C: Heh heh heh heh!
Adam: Shut up C.C!
JC: Adam, just gimme a little effort ok? Adam? ...Adam! ...ADAM?!
Adam: Jesus! WHAT?!

We want a podsafe Christmas song
We want a song that's safe to play
Don't think us rude
We don't wanna get sued
By the thugs at the RIAA
We have been good the whole year long
Santa don't delay
Give us a podsafe Christmas song
To celebrate Christmas day

JC: Hey, nice job you guys
Really, you nailed it
CC: Thanks JC!
JC: You nailed it
Nora/Len: Nailed it!
Adam: Yeah not too shabby!
Nora/Len: Nailed it!
JC: I don't wanna speak too soon
But uh, we may have saved Christmas
Special thanks to you, Adam, for paying attention
Adam: Ahh, screw you
JC: See you tomorrow at rehearsal?
Adam: Yeah, you'll see me tomorrow at rehearsal